ech_outer_extensions: TLS 1.3 column change (#597)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

1. encrypted_client_hello(0xfe0d), with "TLS 1.3" column values set to
   "CH, HRR, EE", "DTLS-Only" column set to "N", and "Recommended" column set
   to "Yes".

> 1. ech_outer_extensions(0xfd00), with the "TLS 1.3" column values set to "N/A",
>    "DTLS-Only" column set to "N", and "Recommended" column set to "Yes".

Author: ```suggestion
1. ech_outer_extensions(0xfd00), with the "TLS 1.3" column values set to "CH",
   "DTLS-Only" column set to "N", "Recommended" column set to "Yes", and the
   "Comments" column set to "Only appears in inner CH."
```

1. encrypted_client_hello(0xfe0d), with "TLS 1.3" column values set to
   "CH, HRR, EE", "DTLS-Only" column set to "N", and "Recommended" column set
   to "Yes".
1. ech_outer_extensions(0xfd00), with the "TLS 1.3" column values set to "CH",
   "DTLS-Only" column set to "N", "Recommended" column set to "Yes", and the

>    "Comments" column set to "Only appears in inner CH."

Author: ```suggestion
   "Comment" column set to "Only appears in inner CH."
```
